Networking of CAN, ethernet, wifi and USB (#14)
hostmobility/documentation: docs/interfaces/usb.md

---
title: USB
tags:
  - USB
  - HMX
  - C61
  - MX-4
  - MX-V
---
## Overview

> Our products has at least one usb port and many of them has a USB otg port where it is possible to connect keywords, usb memory sticks and connect it to a pc 'Ethernet over USB'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our products are equipped with at least one USB port and many of them also have a USB OTG port where it is possible to connect keyboards, memory sticks or a PC to enable 'Ethernet over USB'.
```

## Platform specific
- [HMX](hmx/usb.md)
- [MX-V](mxv/usb.md)
- [C61](c61/usb.md)
- [MX-4](mx4/usb.md)

## Ethernet over USB
Ethernet over USB is supported via RNDIS. Connect a USB-A cable to the
USB0 port on the supported platforms and a free USB port on e.g. a PC, then power on

> the the unit (mx4 has possibility to change from host state to peripheral when powered) or reboot. This will give the PC the IP address 192.168.250.2
> and the MX-V 192.168.250.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the unit or reboot. (The MX-4 has the capacity to switch from host to peripheral state when powered.) This will give the PC the IP address 192.168.250.2 and the MX-V 192.168.250.1.
```
